Observable name refactor (#254)
XanaduAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

* The following CV observables were renamed to comply with the new Operation/Observable

>   scheme: `Mean photon` to `NumberOperator`, `Homodyne` to `QuadratureOperator` and `NumberState` to `NumberStateProjector`. [#243](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/243)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scheme: `MeanPhoton` to `NumberOperator`, `Homodyne` to `QuadratureOperator` and `NumberState` to `NumberStateProjector`. [#243](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/243)
```

This release contains contributions from:

> Shahnawaz Ahmed, riveSunder, Aroosa Ijaz, Josh Izaac, Nathan Killoran, Maria Schuld, Johannes Jakob Meyer.

Author: Okay, then I'll just remove it for now and re-add it after the merge (in front of Maria :))
